[Recording of original talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elfSzMATcB4)

20191027_MozFest_00:45 

Hard to follow (?) up after just just explaining what a dystopian place we live in. I can’t fix them all, but a lot of people at the moment, of the list of thing, of serious issues with this, a lot of people end up worrying about the bottom on on the list which is privacy and in a way that has been a hook for the Solid project. Hands up how many people in this room have come across the Solid project and know what it is? So we have this project called solid.mit.edu and the partly the reason that you haven’t heard of it is that it’s only just broken the surface of the water. The new website just came live a couple of weeks ago so you’re forgiven for not coming across it. 

20191027_MozFest_01:48 
"Solid is, in a way, to improve the web a bit. All the same web protocols but in a way to revolutionise the way it works. So totally, the privacy thing is."

20191027_MozFest_02:05
"Solid thinks that you should have complete control of all your data. You should control all your data.  And so, that is difficult to get, to achieve. You think, what? Facebook controls it? But never mind about Facebook, ok. Let’s imagine, never mind how many billions of people are on Facebook. That's irrelevant. We’re going to build a small community in which we  believe that people should completely own their data." 

20191027_MozFest_02:35
"So to be able to control your data that means you need to be able to choose where to store it. So that means you need several places, well at least one place, to store it. If you go to solid.community or inrupt.net then you’ll be able to go and get yourself an account there and that will give you a place to store your data which, that will be in a cloud, that, at the moment, is run by inrupt."

20191027_MozFest_02:52
"Down the road, clouds will be run by all sorts of people. You will have personal clouds. Hopefully you will be able to find people that you really trust. 

20191027_MozFest_03:03
And sometimes you may decide that rather than just using free stuff I'd rather pay some money for a piece of personal cloud a piece of personal storage. 

20191027_MozFest_03:11
These things we call them Pods by the way. 


20191027_MozFest_03:14
Now I have, a lot of, you may be if you are a geek, and quite a lot of you are geeks in this room. You may go straight back buy 
